and today's video guys I'm actually
going to show you how I can reduce your
input delay here in fortnite chapter 4
season 2 on controller basically I'm
going to show you how you can reduce
your latency and make them super
responsive no matter if you're using a
normal Xbox series s controller or maybe
even something like Xbox Elite 2 it's
going to work for all of them so
therefore make sure to leave a like And
subscribe to the channel right now and
now it gets riding this topic and the
first and most major tip which I want to
give you guys is actually that you check
in the first place if your controller is
actually working better on a wireless or
wired connection there are actually some
tests out there which proof that a PS4
wired controller actually performs worse
than having a PS4 controller on
Bluetooth mode and the same way if
you're using something like a Xbox Elite
Series 2 controller or whatever other
controller out there on the market you
always have to check in the first place
if it actually performs better with the
delivered USB type c or whatever it uses
guys or on a wireless connection as of
here right now from the Xbox Elite
Series 2 controller guys it actually
works the best with USB type-c directly
into my PC so therefore also don't try
to use it on something like USB 2.0
maybe 3.1 on whatever you guys trying to
use try to go as high as possible so
therefore if your PC can provide USB
type-c connected with USB type-c if it
can provide 3.1 as a maximum try to go
for it guys but definitely don't utilize
USB 2.0 you can actually see right now
on screen how much faster USB 3.0 or 3.1
actually is in comparison to 2.0 and
that's going to give you a huge
difference in terms of latency though so
therefore check it always in the first
place and then make sure to select the
right connection type so in this next
step guys I'm actually going to show you
how I can overclock our controller with
a tool which is going to be called hedus
BF and you can get it here directly from
my website guys this is exactly how it's
going to look like and this is then how
the tool is going to work I'm going to
show you now how I overclock my Xbox
series Elite 2 controller to actually
get less input delay in any games I want
to play by the way this is only a
one-time thing you don't have to do it
every single time when you start your PC
so therefore it's actually really
amazing what you guys can do is go into
the link in description guys this is my
official website the straps blocks mode
and they're going to click under input
delay and once you get redirected you're
going to look for a post with exactly
the same name and the same thumbnail
click onto it again and there right now
guys once you clicked onto the download
button it's going to redirect you to a
new site which you're working on right
now because it looks actually a lot
cleaner than the old one let me know
what you guys think about it we
currently have it that basically the
first download button is going to
redirect you because this one of course
isn't as popular as the first domain and
we still have to add all the packs there
but let me know what you think about it
let's just simply click on the download
and then you should get redirected to
Google Drive from where you can get it
and once you get it then on your PC guys
that's exactly how it's going to look
like USB device rate setup and what you
want to do in the first place guys is
actually course put it onto all year
then you can see basically everything
which you have plugged in into your PC
right now and there we already have it
Xbox One controller because the Xbox
Elite Series 2 controller actually is
going to get recognized as a normal Xbox
One controller and what we want to do
now once we get it selected guys is
actually going now to this Bottom bar
and then you're gonna put it to a
thousand Hertz pulling rate I'm gonna
put it right here on screen how much
faster that thousand Hertz is actually
in comparison to something like 125 it's
almost 7 milliseconds I think so
therefore we're gonna put it to a
thousand and then we're gonna click
under install service then you can see
guys that the controller should actually
real quick uh react to it then guys once
we clicked under install guys now it
should be set to a thousand Hertz then
we're going to click on the restart real
quick guys and then you should see that
the controller should restart here for a
second the small light should actually
indicate it and now we already
successfully set it to a thousand Hertz
we're gonna unplug it real quick click
actually under refresh you can see now
that it's gone from the list and then
plug it back here into our PC and it
should be set to a thousand Hertz there
we got it guys if it says after they
literally reconnected it you know that
you did everything right and that's
exactly how it should be you can by the
way do this as well with your keyboard
you can do this with your mouse whatever
and if for some reason your controller
should deactivate and doesn't work don't
worry just simply use another USB port
or restart your PC that will already fix
it because sometimes some devices I
tried it out once with a fairly cheap
keyboard I actually need to use another
USB slot and was working again
completely fine you can damage your
controller whatsoever guys this is a
super safe method and as mentioned it
only takes a few steps and as the next
step which I want to recommend you guys
we want to go into a Windows switchbar
and just simply type in that device
manager and open it up once we're in
here now we can see that we have
basically everything which is somehow
running on our PC and has an actual
controller and what we want to do is
actually scroll down a little bit until
we can find our Xbox controller then we
have no Xbox peripherals for you if
you're using maybe like a scaf infinity
or a PS5 controller whatsoever it should
be called a little bit different it
really comes down to every single
company because they have different
drivers so therefore it gets detected
differently on your PC but for me right
now for the Xbox Elite Series 2 it says
Xbox peripherals Xbox One controller we
want to actually double click onto it
guys and go over to power management and
what you want to make sure is uncheck
both of these here allow the computer to
turn this device off to save power fully
unchecked guys and also allow this
device to wake up the computer click on
the OK guys and this is basically going
to make sure that you have no power
saving modes activated on your
controller reducing actually the input
delay to the bare minimum once we're
done with that we're going to close it
and we are done with this step as well
and as additional tip guys once we
actually go into our controller options
here in fortnite directly you can see
that my edit hold time is on 0.100
seconds don't put it on anything else
because other than that it's going to
give you additional latency which you of
course don't want and the same as well
with your slide hold time you're gonna
put this as well to the lowest one
possible and then as an additional extra
if you actually utilize Builder Pro you
can use build immediately I have it in
Retton on and it already says when
switching to a different bull piece
using Builder Pro it will try to build
immediately for you so therefore you
have no additional input delay which is
super important and as well if you're
not using anything besides like an AMD
graphics card guys actually on Nvidia
and Intel integrated Graphics guys the
performance mode will provide you with
the least amount of input delay as you
can see right now Omar RTX 370 TI PC I
use it right now and I literally have no
additional in-game delay then for the
rest of my settings also feel free to
copy them one by one here guys
everything on the lowest basically just
your 3D resolution on 100 and then
you're already good to go if you enjoy
at the video you definitely want to make
sure to check out this video right there
on screen where you can see the top 5
best resolutions in fortnite and the
other one where I show you how you can
get even more FPS out of your game